var facts = {
	students:	[
			"Students pursuing a Bachelor's degree in I.S.D.S. can choose to concentrate in either Business Intelligence or Information Technology ",
			"Did you know that there are currently _ students in the I.S.D.S. program?",
			"The Association of Information Technology Professionals is a great organization for I.S.D.S. students to get inolved in",
			"I.S.D.S. students that study abroad are highly competitive in the global market
			"_% of I.S.D.S. students have full time job offers within 6 months of graduation"],
	professors:	[
			"Did you know that _ of the I.S.D.S. professors are alumni of L.S.U.?",
			"The I.S.D.S. department has a diverse faculty from _ cities and _ different countries",
			"The I.S.D.S. faculty have expertise in various domains like e-commerce, medical informatics, quantitative modeling, and more ",
			"Many of the faculty members in I.S.D.S. are published in magazines, academic journals, and textbooks "
			"insert fact 5"],

		isds:	[
			"The I.S.D.S. department offers a Bachelor of Science in I.S.D.S., a Master of Science in Analytics and a PhD in I.S.D.S.",
			"The I.S.D.S. department connects students to a career network that provides opportunities for students during and after college",
			"The department of Information Systems and Decision Sciences prepares students to design, implement, analyze, and manage information technology",
			"The I.S.D.S. department strives to accomplish research that makes significant contributions to the advancement of knowledge"
			"insert fact 5"],
	LSU/ BEC:	[
			"the Business Education Complex is among the top 10 business school facilities in the country",
			"the B.E.C. is a state of the art facility with a four-story rotunda, a 300 seat auditorium, and classrooms equipped with the latest technology",
			"The Business Education Complex has been home to the E.J. Ourso School of Business since 2012",
			"the B.E.C. is a 60 million dollar facility making it the largest public/private capital inevestment in the history of LSU"
			"insert fact 5"]		
};		
 
var courses = {
	questions:	[
		"are you interested in programming?",
		"do you want to learn more about Big Data?",
		"would you like to learn how to design and implement internet applications?",
		"would you like to know about how to use the internet as a resource?",]
	suggestions:	[
		"ok, based on your preferences I would suggest taking a beginning programming course",
		"if this is the case, consider a course like internet development tools ",
		"advanced business programming is a course that can teach you how",
		"the management of information resources course explores this concept"]
};

var paths = {
	questions: [
		"do you want to learn how to analyze, design, and implement systems to support the operations and management functions of an organization? ",
		"would you like a career that involves extracting actionable information from massive sets of organizaitonal data?",
		"do you have a desire to conduct scholarly research and instruct in a university environment?"]
	suggestions: [
		"based on what you have expressed, I would suggest pursuing a Bachelor of Science in I.S.D.S., areas of specialization include economics, finance, and management",
		"a master of science in analytics can equip you with the tools you need",
		"if so, you should consider pursuing a phd in I.S.D.S."]	
};	